c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\testA.exe.config
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\testA.exe
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\testA.pdb
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.g.resources
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.exe
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.pdb
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\testA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Image.g.cs
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Image.baml
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Text.g.cs
c:\users\mr.sali\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Text.baml
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Doc.dll
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.License.dll
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.dll
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Doc.xml
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.License.xml
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Word.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Word.baml
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_text_Word.g.cs
C:\Users\Mr.Sali\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\testA\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_text_Word.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\testA.exe.config
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\testA.exe
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\testA.pdb
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Doc.dll
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.License.dll
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Pdf.dll
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.Doc.xml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\bin\Debug\Spire.License.xml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Image.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Text.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_text_Word.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Word.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Image.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Text.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_text_Word.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\watermark_Word.baml
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.g.resources
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.exe
C:\Users\Salim\Desktop\sali\ОГУ\ОИБ\Лаб7\WaterMark\testA\obj\Debug\testA.pdb
